README.md, before:

CARMICHAELIZE.CSS - I'LL DECIDE WHAT THE BROWSER RENDERS!!!

BETA - VERSION 0.9 - https://github.com/scottyc1000/carmichaelize.css 

This reset is a collection (and extension) of commonly used methods found in other css resets such as: 

- Eric Meyer - (http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/)

- Normalize - (http://necolas.github.com/normalize.css/)

- HTML5 Doctor - (http://html5doctor.com/html-5-reset-stylesheet/)

Techniques have been dropped, mashed, altered and added to by myself to create a more relevant method of showing the browser whose boss.

It hasn’t of yet been tested on a full website build by myself and may still contain underlying issues and bugs, yet to be addressed.

Pixels are the primary unit of measurement; I’m looking at including a comprehensive font standardisation sometime in the future.

I created CARMICHAELIZE.CSS because I'm frustrated with having to extend existing resets with the specifics of the way I work. 

Included also, are some common hooking classes I like to use when working with HTML & CSS.

Scott Carmichael - http://www.scottcarmichael.co.uk/

Commit message:

Font reset included, mobile version created, files minified correctly

README.md, after:

CARMICHAELIZE.CSS - I'LL DECIDE WHAT THE BROWSER RENDERS!!!

VERSION 1.0 - https://github.com/scottyc1000/carmichaelize.css 

This reset is a collection (and extension) of commonly used methods found in other css resets such as: 

- Eric Meyer - (http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/)

- Normalize - (http://necolas.github.com/normalize.css/)

- HTML5 Doctor - (http://html5doctor.com/html-5-reset-stylesheet/)

Techniques have been dropped, mashed, altered and added to by myself to create a more relevant method of showing the browser whose boss.

I have used a 'rounded' method for setting font sizes here, by default the browser is reset to 10px. (http://css-tricks.com/css-font-size/)

I created CARMICHAELIZE.CSS because I'm frustrated with having to extend existing resets with the specifics of the way I work.

It hasn’t of yet been tested on a full build by myself and may still contain underlying issues and bugs, yet to be addressed.

Scott Carmichael - http://www.scottcarmichael.co.uk/
